Prepare release 0.4.2.0 (#275)
GaloisInc/llvm-pretty-bc-parser: CHANGELOG.md

# Revision history for llvm-pretty-bc-parser

## 0.4.2.0 (August 2024)

> * Added support for GHC 9.8 and dropped official support of 9.2
> 
> * Added support for new atomic operations in LLVM 9+.

Reviewer: A minor thing: all of the previous changelog entries use present tense, so we may as well stick with that convention:

```suggestion
* Add support for GHC 9.8 and drop official support of 9.2.

* Add support for new atomic operations in LLVM 9+.
```
